Docs: Added traits attributes (#2566)
appium/appium-xcuitest-driver: docs/reference/element-attributes.md

| `rect` | Element's rectangle. The actual data of this attribute is based on element's [frame](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/xcuielementattributes/1500911-frame?language=objc). | `{'x': 0, 'y': 0, 'width': 100, 'height': 100}` |
| `value` | Element's value. This is a complex attribute, whose calculation algorithm depends on the actual element type. Check [WebDriverAgent sources](https://github.com/appium/WebDriverAgent/blob/master/WebDriverAgentLib/Categories/XCUIElement%2BFBWebDriverAttributes.m) to know more about how it is compiled (method `- (NSString *)wdValue`). Could be `null` | `hello` |
| `hittable` | Whether the element is [hittable](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/xcuielement/1500561-hittable). This attribute is not included into the XML page source due to performance reasons, although you can use it in element locators or fetch its value using [getAttribute](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver2/#get-element-attribute) API. | `true` |
|`placeholderValue` | Element's [placeolderValue](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/xcuielementattributes/placeholdervalue) value. | `Placeholder text`|

> |`traits` | Element's [traits](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiaccessibilitytraits?language=objc) value. This attribute returns a comma-separated string of accessibility traits.Check [WebDriverAgent sources](https://github.com/appium/WebDriverAgent/blob/master/WebDriverAgentLib/Categories/XCUIElement%2BFBWebDriverAttributes.m) to know more about how it is compiled (method `- (NSString *)wdTraits`).| `Button, Adjustable`, `Button` |

Reviewer: the WDA link might change. I t would rather add a link to the original XCTest documentation. Also, it makes sense to mention this attribute is not available in the xml page source, it may only be retrieved via getAttribute API

| `hittable` | Whether the element is [hittable](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/xcuielement/1500561-hittable). Note that XCTest hittable requires an element to have the [isAccessibilityElement](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/objectivec/nsobject-swift.class/isaccessibilityelement) property enabled. It means if the element is on screen, but it sets [accessibilityElementsHidden](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/objectivec/nsobject-swift.class/accessibilityelementshidden) to `false`, the hittable attribute will be `false`. This attribute is not included into the XML page source due to performance reasons, although you can use it in element locators or fetch its value using [getAttribute](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver2/#get-element-attribute) API. | `true` |
|`placeholderValue` | Element's [placeolderValue](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xctest/xcuielementattributes/placeholdervalue) value. | `Placeholder text`|

> |`traits` | Element's [traits](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiaccessibilitytraits?language=objc) value. This attribute returns a comma-separated string of accessibility traits This attribute is not included into the XML page source, it may only be retrieved via getAttribute API .Check [WebDriverAgent sources](https://github.com/appium/WebDriverAgent/blob/master/WebDriverAgentLib/Categories/XCUIElement%2BFBWebDriverAttributes.m) to know more about how it is compiled (method `- (NSString *)wdTraits`).| `Button, Adjustable`, `Button` |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|`traits` | Element's [traits](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiaccessibilitytraits?language=objc) value. This attribute returns a comma-separated string of accessibility traits. This attribute is not included into the XML page source, it may only be retrieved via [getAttribute](https://www.w3.org/TR/webdriver2/#get-element-attribute) API.| `Button, Adjustable`, `Button` |
```
